hi this is tim from latest vita games
just him with a quick unboxing of a game
which i did receive yesterday and I
didn't get hold of it in my hands until
today so there we go and this is a
Valhalla Knights you can get this in the
UK year at now I didn't realize it it's
coming out otherwise I would have waited
it's on the store and I ordered mine
from the US so it's a year role-playing
game and you can choose from seven
unique races and 20 job classes and
obviously it's a follow-up to the
previous Valhalla Knights in the series
and just gonna have a quick look inside
and as you can see it is empty apart
from the amazing game cartridge there we
go and i'm going to show you bev
gameplay from that but i wanted to show
you other games which are kind of
they're not exactly all well playing but
they're kind of a bit of a mixture this
is sort of role playing action
orientated and i just thought i'd kind
of give you a recap of the ones i have
got which are of a sort of similar
nature not all of them exactly the same
so i've actually got around six or seven
which you could class as well playing
action adventure so just thought i'd
give you a kind of recap on the ones
i've got i'll go to cover some of these
and i just thought it'd be nice for you
to know which ones I've got so I've
course I've got Valhalla Knights now
we've got to code in which is a bit of a
monster hunter clownish soul sacrifice
which is obviously everyone's aware of
again it's heavy action orientated as is
to get in but there is plenty of sort of
upgrading and leveling up etc now I'm
this jaya 3 is more traditional I guess
RPG territory haven't played an awful
lot of that one yet Ragnarok Odyssey and
there is a follow-up ragnarok odyssey
ace coming out that's them again more
like monster hunter and take it in
that's all so it's pretty similar to
ticketing elope they would say to
condense def
you bet again and then you've got of
course persona 4 golden which is more
again of a.m. that's definitely
different to a lot of these games and
obviously more of a RPG game and then
lastly we've got heavy action orientated
again the plenty of leveling up and
skills and things dragon's crown so
those are all in that some rough action
orientated RPG / there's a bit of a
mixture in there but they've all got
plenty of fun in them and looking
forward to playing them pretty soon so
that's just a bit of a recap for you
that's it the video thanks for watching